Welcome to our #6th meetup about DevOps and its culture, values and practices. This meetup will be hosted by Euronext and the addressed topics will be culture and security.

With 0xOPOSEC (@oposec) community as partner, we are happy and grateful for having Renato Rodrigues (@simps0n) as invited speaker. For Renato and for a modern software house, security is a top priority. It is a fast-paced working environment focused on continuous delivery and integration. Keeping up is an endless and demanding challenge for the security team. Issues arise and must be addressed efficiently and in an expedited manner. Besides keeping abreast with emerging technology, the team needs to develop strategies that ultimately work within the organization.

Can classic analysis tools be used on a strict time cycle? How can a security team handle the demands of a product team? How to ensure that everyone is on the same page and understands what’s under the hood? In seeking answers to these questions, this talk assembles a set of tips and tricks by showing some work and spikes used in a real software house. One hopes to provide a potential roadmap for the implementation of secure and improved Software Developing Life Cycles.

Renato is Informatics Engineer, with high interest in security issues, working in the AppSec world for a while. Curator of an AppSec Ezine and promoter of a security enthusiasts group – more than breaking through challenges, it is all about sharing the knowledge.

We will have a second talk and speaker. More details soon… stay tuned!!  

### Agenda:

* Welcome 
* Talk #1: Security in the wildby Renato Rodrigues
* Networking break
* Talk#2: TBA 